docs: ui.checkbox (#722)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/checkbox.md

# Checkbox

> Checkboxes enable users to select multiple items from a list or mark a single item as selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkbox allows users to select or mark a single item as selected.
```

To use multiple checkboxes together, use the `checkbox_group` component. 

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

cb = ui.checkbox("Unsubscribe")
```

## UI recommendations

Recommendations for creating checkboxes:

1. Use emphasized checkboxes for forms, settings, or to highlight selected items like cards or table rows. Use non-emphasized checkboxes in application panels with monochrome components to keep the focus on the main content.
2. Use standalone checkboxes when the context is clear without a text label, such as when a checkbox is associated with other controls within a panel.
3. Checkboxes and radio buttons should not be used interchangably. Use checkboxes to allow multiple selections (or none) from a list. Use radio buttons to select only one option from a list of mutually exclusive choices.

> 4. Checkboxes should be used when selecting (ie. multiple table rows), whereas, switches should be used for activation (ie. on/off states).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Checkboxes should be used when selecting (ie., multiple table rows), whereas switches should be used for activation (ie., on/off states).
```

## Content

Checkbox's accept a child, which is rendered as the label of the checkbox.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_checkbox_basic = ui.checkbox("Basic Checkbox")
```

## Value

Checkboxes are not selected by default. Use the `default_selected` prop to set the initial state (uncontrolled) or the `is_selected` prop to control the selected state. 

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_checkbox_content_examples():
    selected, set_selected = ui.use_state(False)
    return ui.flex(
        ui.checkbox("Subscribe (uncontrolled)", default_selected=True),
        ui.checkbox(
            "Subscribe (uncontrolled)", is_selected=selected, on_change=set_selected
        ),
        direction="column",
    )

my_checkbox_content_examples = ui_checkbox_content_examples()
```

## Indeterminate state

> A Checkbox can be set to an indeterminate state using the `is_indeterminate` prop, which overrides its appearance. The Checkbox remains visually indeterminate until prop is set to false, regardless of user interaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A checkbox can be set to an indeterminate state using the `is_indeterminate` prop, which overrides its appearance. The Checkbox remains visually indeterminate until the prop is set to false, regardless of user interaction.
```

# Checkbox

Checkbox allows users to select or mark a single item as selected.

> If wanting to use multiple checkboxes, use `checkbox_group`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use multiple checkboxes together, use the `checkbox_group` component.
```

We should come back and link this when we have the checkbox group component

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_checkbox_content_examples():
    selected, set_selected = ui.use_state(False)
    return ui.flex(
        ui.checkbox("Subscribe (uncontrolled)", default_selected=True),
        ui.checkbox(
            "Subscribe (uncontrolled)", is_selected=selected, on_change=set_selected
        ),
        direction="column",
    )

my_checkbox_content_examples = ui_checkbox_content_examples()
```

## Indeterminate state

A Checkbox can be set to an indeterminate state using the `is_indeterminate` prop, which overrides its appearance. The Checkbox remains visually indeterminate until prop is set to false, regardless of user interaction.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_checkbox_is_indeterminate_example = ui.checkbox(
    "Indeterminate State", is_indeterminate=True
)
```

## HTML Forms

Checkbox's can support a `name` prop for integration with HTML forms, allowing for easy identification of a value on form submission.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_checkbox_name_example = ui.form(
    ui.flex(ui.checkbox("Sample Label", name="Sample Name"))

> )

Reviewer: remove pointless ui.flex

```

## Events

Checkboxes accept an `on_change` prop, which is triggered whenever the Checkbox is clicked

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_checkbox_event_example():
    selected, set_selected = ui.use_state(False)
    return ui.flex(
        ui.checkbox("Subscribe", is_selected=selected, on_change=set_selected),

>         ui.text_field(value="Subscribed!" if selected else "Not subscribed!"),

Reviewer: should probably just be ui.text rather than text_field

> ```python
> from deephaven import ui
> 
> 
> @ui.component
> def ui_checkbox_event_example():
>     selected, set_selected = ui.use_state(False)
>     return ui.flex(
>         ui.checkbox("Subscribe", is_selected=selected, on_change=set_selected),
>         ui.text(value="Subscribed!" if selected else "Not subscribed!"),
>         direction="column",
>     )
> 
> 
> my_checkbox_event_example = ui_checkbox_event_example()
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_checkbox_event_example():
    selected, set_selected = ui.use_state(False)
    return [
        ui.checkbox("Subscribe", is_selected=selected, on_change=set_selected),
        ui.text("Subscribed!" if selected else "Not subscribed!")
    ]

my_checkbox_event_example = ui_checkbox_event_example()
```
```

ui.text doesn't take a value, this doesn't work with it. Also the flex is redundant.
